# Media Legitimacy Detection
### The general purpose of this repository is to store code for a paper on identifying linguistic and systemic patterns in fake and biased political news. The code for this project is separated in archived, current, and experimental code. The current code provides the architecture and the results reference in the paper below. Archived code are previous architecture designs that have either been completely to partially modified in the current version. The experimental code represents that future work section of the paper. The paper can be found here: https://aircconline.com/csit/abstract/v12n10/csit121003.html
#### Abstract: Media sources, primarily of the political variation, have a hastening grip on narratives that can easily be constructed using biased views and false information. Unfortunately, many people in modern society are unable to differentiate these false narratives from real events. Utilizing natural language processing, sentiment analysis, and various other computer science techniques, models can be generated to help users immediately detect bias and falsehoods in political media. The models created in this experiment were able to detect up to 70% accuracy on political bias and 73% accuracy on falsehoods by utilizing datasets from a variety of collections of both political media and other mediums of information. Overall, the models were successful as the standard for most natural language processing models achieved only about 75% accuracy.

